[Music]
hey guys so I know there's a million
tutorials on YouTube on how to curl your
hair but I do get a lot of requests for
hair curling tutorials or just like
questions on how I get my hair curled
and this is my favorite technique the
way I'm going to show you it's the
technique I use almost every time I curl
my hair like lately anyways and in most
of my videos its second day hair so this
is what I do and then I sleep on it and
then the next day it's way more like
loose and kind of messy and that's
usually when I film my videos so I'll
put a screenshot in here somewhere I
probably so you guys can see so just
keep on watching if you want to find out
how to get your hair like this my voice
not really hi there okay so I'm starting
out with my Aussie heat protecting spray
and just spray this all throughout my
hair and I'm almost done this stuff so
if you guys have favourite heat
protecting spray is comment below and
then I'm just brushing out my hair to
help evenly distribute the product and
then also get my hair nice and smooth
get out any knots or tangles
so now I'm going to be clipping my hair
half up and leaving half down and the
extensions I'm wearing here and not my
Bellamy's I don't even remember what
brownies are but I prefer my Bellamy is
100% to these ones so if you guys are
looking for extensions I'll have a
coupon code and link down below and then
the curling wand I'm using and I got
from winners of years back not sure what
the brand is it looks like ed hardy
because it has all those little symbols
all over it but it's not ed hardy and
then I'm just taking about one-inch
sections and wrapping my hair around the
barrel or alternating ways so all the
pieces don't stick together it gives you
kind of more of a PC look I'm speeding
this up for you so it's not boring but
basically you are just going to continue
doing that throughout your whole head
[Music]
so once you're down the bottom half you
are going to take down the top half and
then I like to pin up just like my bangs
area and then with that top layer that's
not curled you are going to use the same
technique but starting halfway down the
hair you want to leave the top part of
your hair straight and alternating ways
again
[Music]
okay I'm taking down my bangs and you
can leave this top part if you like but
I like to use my Flatiron it's all
heated up oh yeah I'm ready and I just
take those pieces and kind of flip them
back so the ends are kind of like
curling into your hair but I don't like
it too curly so sometimes I like running
the Flatiron over it again because I
know this one went too curly
yeah flatten that out just wanted to
curl back into your hair if that makes
sense then I like to brush up my hair so
it's a little bit more loose and messy
looking and then this hairspray
I think it's her blessing says it smells
so good I'm using that and the teasing
comb just to give a little bit of volume
to the top part of my hair and then I
also like to hairspray those top pieces
that I use the flat iron on I just like
to hairspray them back a little bit so
does what I'm doing and that is
basically it and then I hairspray the
bottom a little bit to just so it lasts
longer thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you guys soon